Consort, are you alright?
Go search them
Is there anything that no one lingers with their identity?
Consort, look
A reward is offered for thousands of cool feelings
Check according to this handwriting.
Search the entire palace
To find out the truth about Land Rover is as ordered
How are you doing?
Yeah.
Such a dangerous thing happened when I just entered the palace
It's okay to please you.
Consort found it
That letter
You are from Qian Tai, the young master of the Qian family.
He once auctioned off his wonderful single parent
It's easy to identify.
And the two assassins were fighting from the Western Regions
Invited again
Letters can prove
Qian Tailai, who gave him the courage?
Could it be because I married a princess?
Money is too exhilarating
Want to kill me
Hey
This money is very powerful
Qian Tailai can't do this sneak attack
Maybe there's a catch
Remember not to act rashly.
Don't worry, I'll fix this.
Do you know where Qian Taolai is now?